feat(inputs.http_listener_v2): Add unix socket mode (#15764)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/http_listener_v2/README.md

```toml @sample.conf
# Generic HTTP write listener
[[inputs.http_listener_v2]]

>   ## Address to host HTTP listener on
>   # can be prefixed by protocol tcp, or unix if not provided defaults to tcp
>   # if unix network type provided it should be followed by absolute path for unix socket
>   service_address = ":8080"
>   # service_address = "tcp://:8443"
>   # service_address = "unix:///tmp/telegraf.sock"

Reviewer: By convention we all 'single-hashed' comments carry "default values" so please really use double hashes for comments...
```suggestion
  ## Address to host HTTP listener on, optionally including the protocol (tcp or unix).
  ## "unix" addresses should contain the absolute path for the socket, e.g.
  ##   service_address = "unix:///tmp/telegraf.sock"
  service_address = "tcp://:8080"
```

Author: thanks will follow the convention from now on - [a239d9e](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15764/commits/a239d9ed32e4ab2e9c55f7fa5e511d1e71e014db)
